[DOC] Support switch_aliases in shrink action. (#5511)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _im-plugin/ism/policies.md

Parameter | Description | Type | Required
:--- | :--- |:--- |:--- |
`max_num_segments` | The number of segments to reduce the shard to. | `number` | Yes
`wait_for_completion` | Boolean | When set to `false`, the request returns immediately instead of after the operation is finished. To monitor the operation status, use the [Tasks API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/tasks/) with the task ID returned by the request. Default is `true`.

> `task_execution_timeout` | Time | The explicit task execution timeout. Only useful when wait_for_completion is set to `false`. Default is `1h`. | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`task_execution_timeout` | Time | The explicit task execution timeout. Only useful when `wait_for_completion` is set to `false`. Default is `1h`. | No
```

        "my-alias": {}
      }
    ],
    "switch_aliases": true,
    "force_unsafe": false
}
```

Parameter | Description | Type | Example | Required
:--- | :--- |:--- |:--- |

> `num_new_shards` | The maximum number of primary shards in the shrunken index. | Integer | `5` | Yes, however it cannot be used with `max_shard_size` or `percentage_of_source_shards`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`num_new_shards` | The maximum number of primary shards in the shrunken index. | Integer | `5` | Yes. It, however, cannot be used with `max_shard_size` or `percentage_of_source_shards`.
```

> `max_shard_size` | The maximum size in bytes of a shard for the target index. | Keyword | `5gb` | Yes, however it cannot be used with `num_new_shards` or `percentage_of_source_shards`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`max_shard_size` | The maximum size in bytes of a shard for the target index. | Keyword | `5gb` | Yes, however, it cannot be used with `num_new_shards` or `percentage_of_source_shards`.
```

`percentage_of_source_shards` | Percentage of the number of original primary shards to shrink. This parameter indicates the minimum percentage to use when shrinking the number of primary shards. Must be between 0.0 and 1.0, exclusive.  | Percentage | `0.5` | Yes, however it cannot be used with `max_shard_size` or `num_new_shards`
`target_index_name_template` | The name of the shrunken index. Accepts strings and the Mustache variables `{{ctx.index}}` and `{{ctx.indexUuid}}`. | String or Mustache template | `{"source": "{{ctx.index}}_shrunken"}` | No

> `aliases` | Aliases to add to the new index. | Object | `myalias` | No, but must be an array of alias objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aliases` | Aliases to add to the new index. | Object | `myalias` | No. It must be an array of alias objects.
```

> `switch_aliases` | If `true`, copies the aliases from the source index to the target index. If there is a name conflict with an alias from the `aliases` field, the alias from the `aliases` field is used. | Boolean | `true` | No. The default implicit value is `false`, which means no aliases are copied by default.

Reviewer: Rewrote for clarity.
```suggestion
`switch_aliases` | If `true`, copies the aliases from the source index to the target index. If there is a name conflict with an alias from the `aliases` field, the alias in the `aliases` field is used instead of the name. | Boolean | `true` | No. The default implicit value is `false`, which means no aliases are copied by default.
```

> `force_unsafe` | If true, executes the shrink action even if there are no replicas. | Boolean | `false` | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`force_unsafe` | If `true`, shrinks the index even if it has no replicas. | Boolean | `false` | No
```

`percentage_of_source_shards` | Percentage of the number of original primary shards to shrink. This parameter indicates the minimum percentage to use when shrinking the number of primary shards. Must be between 0.0 and 1.0, exclusive.  | Percentage | `0.5` | Yes, however it cannot be used with `max_shard_size` or `num_new_shards`

> `target_index_name_template` | The name of the shrunken index. Accepts strings and the Mustache variables `{{ctx.index}}` and `{{ctx.indexUuid}}`. | `string` or Mustache template | `{"source": "{{ctx.index}}_shrunken"}` | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`target_index_name_template` | The name of the shrunken index. Accepts strings and the Mustache variables `{{ctx.index}}` and `{{ctx.indexUuid}}`. | String or Mustache template | `{"source": "{{ctx.index}}_shrunken"}` | No
```

> `aliases` | Aliases to add to the new index. | object | `myalias` | No, but must be an array of alias objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aliases` | Aliases to add to the new index. | Object | `myalias` | No, but must be an array of alias objects
```

> `switch_aliases` | If true, copies aliases from the soure index to the taget index. If there is a name conflict with an alias from the `aliases` field, alias from the `aliases` field is used. | boolean | `true` | No. Default implicit value is `false`, so no aliases are copied by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`switch_aliases` | If true, copies the aliases from the source index to the target index. If there is a name conflict with an alias from the `aliases` field, the alias from the `aliases` field is used. | boolean | `true` | No. The default implicit value is `false`, which means no aliases are copied by default.
```

> `switch_aliases` | If `true`, copies the aliases from the source index to the target index. If there is a name conflict with an alias from the `aliases` field, the alias from the `aliases` field is used. | Boolean | `true` | No. The default implicit value is `false`, which means no aliases are copied by default.

Reviewer: Before merging, please check that all the data type names under the data type column are capitalized and written in regular type, not code font.

Author: @vagimeli done

> `force_unsafe` | If true, executes the shrink action even if there are no replicas. | boolean | `false` | No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`force_unsafe` | If true, executes the shrink action even if there are no replicas. | Boolean | `false` | No
```
